OCPBUGS#15328: Update notes (#61747)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/dr-restoring-cluster-state.adoc

+
[NOTE]
====

> Stop the static pods on the control plane nodes other than the recovery host.

Reviewer: At this point the admonition is worded very similarly to the step it modifies. I would consider either of the following alternatives:

1. Replace line 52 with this sentence and get rid of this admonition.
2. Reword this note to something like the following:
```suggestion
You do not need to stop the static pods on the recovery host.
```

+
[NOTE]
====

> Clusters with no worker nodes, such as single-node clusters or clusters consisting of three schedulable control plane nodes, will not have any pending CSRs to approve. you can skip all the commands listed in this step.

Reviewer: Nit and capitalization:

```suggestion
Clusters with no worker nodes, such as single-node clusters or clusters consisting of three schedulable control plane nodes, will not have any pending CSRs to approve. 

You can skip all the commands listed in this step if there are no worker nodes.
```

----
+
If the status is `Pending`, or the output lists more than one running etcd pod, wait a few minutes and check again.

> . If you are using the `OVNKubernetes` network plugin, delete the node objects that are associated with control plane hosts that are not the recovery control plane host.

Reviewer: Nice, this is a much better way to document the conditional step compared to having that note above.

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc delete node <non-recovery-controlplane-host-1> <non-recovery-controlplane-host-2>
----

> . Verify that the Cluster Network Operator (CNO) redeploys the OVN-Kubernetes control plane and that it no longer references the non-recovery controller IP addresses. To verify this result, regularly check the output of the following command. Wait until it returns an empty result before you proceed restarting the Open Virtual Network (OVN) Kubernetes pods on all the hosts in the next step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Verify that the Cluster Network Operator (CNO) redeploys the OVN-Kubernetes control plane and that it no longer references the non-recovery controller IP addresses. To verify this result, regularly check the output of the following command. Wait until it returns an empty result before you proceed to restart the Open Virtual Network (OVN) Kubernetes pods on all of the hosts in the next step.
```

Also I'm not familiar with OVN, should "OVN-Kubernetes" in the first sentence be in backticks?

Reviewer 2: Typically it is not, across the repo. However it seems like the spelled out "Open Virtual Network (OVN) Kubernetes" should be in the first sentence if that's the first appearance in this module, versus it being in a subsequent instance.
